[Music]
you're trapped in a town where no one
can be trusted and hunted by a serial
killer with a chainsaw
there is nowhere you can hide there's no
one around who will save you and if
you're caught you'll be skinned alive
and turned into a mask
when every second stuck in this town is
a minute closer to your death
what do you do i'm going to break down
the mistakes made what you should do
and how to beat every member of the
hewitt family in the texas chainsaw
massacre
these people are driving straight to
their deaths they're traveling through
texas to see a concert
and the guys have smuggled two pounds of
marijuana they brought with them but the
girls have no
idea kemper here takes his eyes off the
road with his girlfriend aaron when she
suddenly spots a woman walking in front
of them
they hit the brakes and nearly avoid
running her over but she doesn't even
flinch
aaron gets out of the car and tries to
find out if she's okay but the woman
won't answer
and looks completely traumatized
realizing she needs serious help they
decide to take her into town for medical
attention but they have no
idea this woman is going to ruin their
lives
okay it's always nice to want to help
others but they are getting way ahead of
themselves here
we have no idea who this woman is or how
she could be dangerous to us
when you find people walking down the
road in the middle of nowhere it's
always because something bad happened
and inviting those problems into your
car is a risk i'm not willing to take
unless i knew it was safe nobody noticed
that she's walking in extremely short
strides and it's not from exhaustion or
else she'd be slouched and stumbling
they also didn't notice that the woman
is not even sweating because it means
she might not have been out of the texas
sun for very long and wherever she came
from could be nearby
more importantly nobody noticed that
this woman has blood running down the
inside of her thighs
this tells me she's not just a weary
hitchhiker but is most likely a victim
of terrible abuse and she really does
need her help
now all these observations add up to
tell us that this woman was abused by
someone in walking distance and we
should not be taking her back to the
nearest town but far enough they get her
proper medical help outside of this back
road community
in the car the woman is having a serious
emotional meltdown and nobody knows what
to do
everyone is freaked out by this and
starts debating what they should do with
her but when the woman sees them pass by
a slaughterhouse her face
is filled with dread and she starts to
panic lunging at the steering wheel she
tries to get them to turn around but
they don't listen
shoving her back into her seat they slam
on the brakes stopping the car to defuse
the situation but it's about to get a
lot worse
in tears she reaches between her legs
and pulls out a pistol
telling them that they're all going to
die before they can stop her she puts
the barrel in her mouth and blows a hole
through the back of her head
okay this is why people tell you not to
pick up hitchhikers
the blood on her thighs and her
difficulty walking were clues she was
carrying a gun but nobody would have
seen this coming
now unless you're a soldier no one
thinks clearly when somebody pulls out a
weapon the brain shuts down
non-essential functions and prioritizes
all of its capacity into survival
deciding between fight flight or freeze
the most immediate information we have
to assess the threat is that this woman
is skinny
she's been walking for miles and she's
too weak to fight you off she also
doesn't bring the gun out with her
finger on the trigger and this would
have given us the time needed to wrestle
it away from her before
she could hurt herself or anyone else in
the van but this gun
isn't even the most important detail
here to worry about she told them
everyone is dead and they're going the
wrong way and decided she would rather
die than go back
that's a crucial point that's easy to
miss in a traumatic situation like this
and means wherever they are headed is
worse than death and if they prevented
her from using the gun
they could have gotten more information
about what happened to her and what's
waiting for them down the road
the group is horrified by what they just
witnessed and they all rush out of the
van leaving the woman's dead body in the
back seat
they've never seen anyone die before and
this girl starts to break down crying
while the guys debate what they should
do next
the boyfriend suggests they call the
cops but his friend points out they
still have two pounds of weed and a
pinata and if the cops get involved
they'll all go to jail
the boyfriend realizes there's only one
thing he can do and takes the pinata
full of drugs and throws it into a
nearby field
with no other choice they all leave to
get help further down the road they find
a nearby gas station and stop by to look
for a telephone the men head
inside to report the death and ask the
woman to call the police she manages to
reach the sheriff but when the woman
gets off the phone
she tells them they'll have to drive to
the old crawford mill to file their
report
the guys demand to know why the sheriff
isn't coming here but she has no idea
and they have no
choice but to take the dead body to the
mill okay
if the local law enforcement isn't even
willing to drive over to investigate a
dead body you know this is way too
suspicious to believe
and it's not just the sheriff but the
woman as well as they arrived she saw
the dead body through her window and
didn't even flinch
the only kind of people who react this
way to a woman with a giant bullet hole
in her head
is a psychopath and this kind of
reaction should already be enough cause
for concern here it's also extremely
suspicious that the sheriff would want
to meet at a mill instead of the local
police department or
sheriff's office nothing about this
situation smells wet and it all stinks
of either corruption
deception or both personally i would
leave the dead body here at the gas
station and drive away
telling her the sheriff can pick it up
himself i'm not sticking around because
if they are taking the situation
seriously then neither should we
now it's illegal to leave the scene of a
crime if you were directly involved in
the incident but bystanders and
witnesses have no legal obligation to
remain at the scene
there are no cameras the woman hasn't
seen our license plate and there were no
other witnesses the challenger statement
of what happened
if the sheriff doesn't want to drive
here then he's probably too lazy to
chase us down the road when he hears you
left both the body and the scene of the
crime
to make sure we aren't stopped by other
police later in the trip i would kick
out the entire
back window so there's no bullet hole
and clean out all the blood from the
back seat so that it doesn't look like
there was something suspicious to
investigate
by taking these precautions there's more
than enough likelihood that we could
leave this whole situation in the dust
and forget it ever happened
they leave the gas station with the
hitchhiker's corp still inside and head
out to the old mail to look for the
sheriff when they arrive they get out of
the car
only to find a completely empty building
and no one is waiting for them
morgan here suggests they dump the body
so they can leave and the men decide to
put it to a vote
all the guys are in favor of ditching
the dead girl but aaron here
insists they do the right thing and in
the interest of keeping his girlfriend
kemper keeps his mouth shut and agrees
looking for help they walk around the
side of the mill and find a small
building with couches and decorations
it looks like someone lives here and
they sit down to wait for someone to
show up
suddenly someone crosses the room behind
them and pepper here jumps up in shock
okay whoever is here is not someone i
want to meet
normal people don't hang up mutilated
dolls as ornaments the people you're
going to encounter here are not ones
that are safe or trustworthy and given
their decorations they certainly
wouldn't have the most appropriate
judgment for acceptable ways to deal
with the dead body sitting in the back
of your van
now they've already committed to getting
this girl's body to the authorities but
there's no reason to expect that waiting
at an abandoned mill
is going to do the job according to the
sign that they pass on the way here
these guys are in fuller texas and if
you look at this place on a map there's
virtually no sign of life here
according to the annual census this
place doesn't even have a recorded
population but the nearest city west of
them is shamrock which has a population
of about 2 000 people
in the interest of keeping our
girlfriends happy the smartest thing to
do here is leave this place and take the
dead body to shamrock where there should
be a legitimate hospital to drop her off
when the hospital calls the sheriff he
will not be able to tell them to bring
the dead body somewhere out of the way
and they will force his hand to come in
person to investigate
together they enter the building and
find this kid sitting in the shadows
he leads them back outside and tells
them that the sheriff is at home and
there aren't any roads that lead to his
house but it's walking distance so they
decide to check it out
these three stay behind at the mill
while the couple here cut through the
woods to find the sheriff
fighting the house they knock on the
door for help and are greeted by this
old man in a wheelchair who tells them
the sheriff doesn't live here
he invites aaron to use his phone but
stops the boyfriend from entering
inside the man helps her contact the
sheriff's office and she's told that
he'll be at the old male in 30 minutes
but doesn't realize that the other
person on the phone isn't who she thinks
at the mill the sheriff has already
arrived and approaching to inspect the
corpse he finds the gun on the floor of
the van
when he asks them who it belongs to they
tell him the girl was carrying it and he
puts it away in his leg holster
the sheriff makes andy here hold the
body up while he wraps her head in
plastic
and the group starts to realize that
this man is an absolute pig
he tells them how much he used to love
groping corpses as a young man and it's
shocking
after wrapping her up they put her in
the trunk of the sheriff's car and the
man gives them one final salute before
leaving with the body
okay this sheriff is obviously a
terrible person but that's not what we
should be focused on here
of everything that's happened so far
there's one detail here that should be
scaring the crap out of everyone here
and that is this gun
so far nobody has even bothered to think
about where this girl got the gun in the
first place and the fact she was hiding
it says it wasn't hers it was stolen
we also know she was running away from
someone in this very town so someone in
a 10 mile radius is missing a gun
when the sheriff takes it and puts it in
his ankle holster there are two things
wrong
with this the first is that the gun is a
perfect fit
these kinds of holsters are not exactly
one size fits all and the fact that this
revolver fits
might be a coincidence but it shouldn't
be overlooked because this model of
revolver was made in the late 50s and
was commonly used by both police
officers and detectives
the second is that his ankle holster was
empty there's no reason anyone would be
walking around with an empty ankle
holster
strapped to their leg unless they were
expecting to put something in it both of
these observations tell me this gun
could actually belong to him
and the fact that this woman even had it
means she stole it from the sheriff
now based on this there are two possible
conclusions to draw here either this
woman is a criminal and is running from
the law or that this man is corrupt and
was torturing and abusing her
since he's already displayed some
serious corruption and depravity it's
enough to tell us we should believe the
girl was running for her life and that
this would explain why she said
everyone was dead and why she said we
were going the wrong way
she knew traveling in this direction
would lead us to trying to find her help
and that would lead
to this sheriff whatever the situation
is this guy is not playing by the rules
which makes him a dirty cop and that
leaves you vulnerable to extortion or
worse
at the house kemper here gets tired of
waiting and decides to go looking for
his girlfriend
inside he finds a charm bracelet on the
ground but his luck has just ran out
because when he reaches for it a man in
a leather mask steps out
and bashes him over the head dragging
him through the hallway and into a room
where he will never come out alive
the girlfriend hears the door slam shut
and leaves the old man to look for her
boyfriend but he isn't responding
that's when she notices his peephole and
looks through the lens and realizes
there's something more to this place
than she thought
okay the girlfriend realized that
something was off with this wall but she
didn't realize that this one clue was a
dead giveaway that her life is in
immediate danger and that nobody is
coming to help
first of all this isn't an ordinary
peephole because not only is it inside
the house but also in the middle of a
wall
nobody would install this here unless
there's a secret room on the other side
and someone is spying from it
this puts the boyfriend's disappearance
into perspective because she was gone
for less than five minutes
and that's way too short of time for him
to get impatient and leave
lastly this peephole is much higher than
eye level for this double amputee to be
able to use
so that tells me there must be someone
else in the house all of these clues
point to the conclusion that someone
else has done something to her boyfriend
and they must be on the other side of
this wall
instead of walking out like she isn't
sure what happened i would be running to
the telephone to call 9-1-1
we have to assume that this guy dialed
the phone for her because it wasn't even
the cops that she talked to
and we can confirm this by redialing
ourselves to ask for help
she leaves the house to look for her
boyfriend and has no idea that when she
finds him it will be the most horrific
thing she's ever seen in her life
meanwhile downstairs the masked killer
is preparing his next victim for
slaughter
he pulls the boyfriend up over the
bathtub to bleed him out but suddenly a
box
falls out of his pocket hearing this the
masked man reaches down and picks it up
opening it to discover an engagement
ring when the girlfriend returns to the
mill
she tells her friends that she contacted
the sheriff and he's on the way but they
tell her that he's already taken the
body and left
confused she asks have they seen her
boyfriend but no one has
and she realizes she needs to go back to
look for him taking andy here they reach
the house and aaron distracts the old
man so he can sneak inside and look for
her missing boyfriend
he walks into the kitchen to find skins
hanging from the ceiling but when he
knocks over this box from on top of the
fridge and makes a loud noise and the
girlfriend runs into the house to check
on it
the old man follows her up but when he
realizes there's an intruder he takes it
personally
banging his cane against the floorboards
he yells at someone to come on and bring
it and the two begin to realize that
this is the last man on earth you want
to piss off
behind them the wall opens up and the
masked man steps out with a chainsaw
they run into the other room but andy
trips and drops his tire iron the girl
tries to hold it shut but the masked
man tears through the latch he breaks
into the next room and attacks
but luckily andy blocks the chainsaw
with his tire iron
okay if i were him i would be shooting
my pants right now
running away is definitely the correct
move here but sometimes
you have no choice now this guy was very
lucky because it just so happens this
might be the best tool to defend
yourself in this situation
this tire iron is made of steel so the
chainsaw can't cut through it and it's
also shaped in an
x which lets you hold it at two ends and
keep the blade between it without
getting cut
the way he's doing it here is too close
to his hands and the obvious instinct
should be to try to keep the blade in
the middle of the x
because it will limit his movement right
now andy is in a perfect position to
kick him hard in the nuts
now i know it's undignified but it's
also very effective it's practically an
involuntary instinct to protect yourself
when attacked in another regions and the
killer will clench his groin muscles and
loosen his grip on the chainsaw
this gives andy here the perfect moment
to attack him with his own weapon the
strongest point of force that's being
applied here is going to be at the
bottom of the blade and because of the
distribution of that force it gets much
weaker at the top
andy can use this to his advantage and
overpower him by basic physics here by
kicking him in the balls and pushing the
top of the chainsaw forward into the
guy's face
andy manages to escape and runs out of
the house but the masked man chases
after him
they run into the clotheslines covered
in bed sheets but the killer catches up
to him and saws his leg clean in half
and he screams in pain as he's picked up
and taken back into the house
carried into the basement he's lifted in
the air and slammed onto a meat hook
hanging from his ribs
andy here has no idea what's planned for
him is going to be a lot worse than
death aaron here runs back to the old
mill where her friends are still waiting
and jumps into the van
panicked she tries to start the car but
no matter what she does the engine won't
start
now they're stuck here with no way to
protect themselves and a killer is on
the loose
that's when the sheriff suddenly appears
relieved she tries to tell him about her
murdered friend but when he notices a
joint on the dashboard this bad
situation
gets a lot worse he orders them all to
get out of the car
and they have no choice but to obey
aaron tries to tell him there's a killer
with a chainsaw but the man fires his
gun at her the bullets landing inches
away from her head
they're terrified but this guy is only
getting warmed up
he picks up morgan and forces him into
the van where he asks him what happened
to the hitchhiker
scared out of his mind morgan here can't
believe what's happening but the sheriff
screams at him and take the gun
and re-enact the death ordering him to
put it into his mouth and pull the
trigger
okay i know what you're thinking because
i would be thinking it too
this sheriff just handed us a weapon and
we could easily turn it against him to
get out of this situation but that's the
dumbest thing we could possibly do here
because there's no way he gave us
a loaded gun if it were me the first
thing i would do in this situation is
open the chamber to make sure there are
no bolts inside
this way we won't escalate the situation
by pointing an empty gun in his face and
i can do whatever he asks
knowing it's not going to kill me now
the problem is we have no control over
the situation with an empty gun and as
long as we're afraid of him the sheriff
is counting on that fear to exert his
authority and control but the one thing
he's not expecting is to be attacked
this guy is an overweight 60 year old
man and from the size of his arms and
chest
it looks like he has little upper body
strength the best and only move to
escape from this is to bash him across
the head with the end of the gun quickly
and as many times as possible to knock
him out
this sounds extreme but it's a
completely valid thing to do because
he's put us in a very unethical
situation and our lives are at risk
there are no witnesses so we won't be
questioned by authorities in another
city because he doesn't want any of this
town's secrets coming back to him
in this way his corruption protects us
and lets us get away with taking any and
all measures to protect ourselves
against him
or else he will be exposed getting
worried aaron goes to see what's
happening giving morgan the chance to
point the gun
at the sheriff he dares him to pull the
trigger but the gun clicks on an empty
chamber
this was all the trap has set him up for
attempted murder of a police officer
taking the keys out of the ignition the
sheriff walks away with morgan and
leaves the women behind
waiting for the sheriff to leave aaron
here tries to hot wire the van when
suddenly a chainsaw cuts through the
window and the mask to man
attacks out of nowhere aaron climbs into
the back seat with her friend
and they realize the killer is now on
top of the van he shoves the chainsaw
through the roof trapping the woman
inside
an arm reaches down and grabs aaron by
the hair while her friend climbs out and
runs away where the man chases her down
and shreds her to death okay they had a
great opportunity here to seriously
injure this guy
obviously it's incredibly difficult to
think clearly in the moment and your
only instinct is to run away but they
were too afraid to notice that the
chainsaw motor had stopped
with his arm reaching through the top of
the car like this they missed their
golden opportunity because he can't
operate a chainsaw with only one hand
now in biomechanics the arm is what we
call a third class lever which means all
the force
is being applied from this fulcrum here
at the elbow that means when his arm is
fully extended it makes it much harder
for the muscle to use that fulcrum to
flex with maximum strength
if they can keep his arm extended and
force it against its range of motion
using the roof of the car as the
opposing force
they could work together and fracture
his elbow with that kind of injury he
won't be able to do anything with his
chainsaw
and becomes a lot less threatening
horrified aaron watches her friend get
killed from inside the car but when the
killer turns around
she realizes he's wearing a mask made
from her boyfriend's face
she climbs up the back of the van and
runs off deep into the woods where she
finds a trailer home
she banks in the door screaming for help
and is finally let in
she asks the women if she can use their
phone but is told they don't have one
helping her calm down they make her a
cup of tea and insists she drinks it to
relax
she notices a family photo on a shelf
and goes to take a look but strangely
neither of these women are in the
picture
suddenly she hears a phone ring and
realizes they not only lied to her but
have also kidnapped this child
feeling dizzy she tries to escape from
the trailer but collapses to the floor
in a drugged haze
okay this is incredibly stupid if we
think about what we know of the
townsfolk in this area we've seen enough
to realize that everyone in a 10 mile
radius is in on this
the woman at the gas station called the
corrupt sheriff to lure us away from the
proper authorities
the kid at the mill sent us to the house
where the killer lives to keep us away
from the roads
and the old man tried to keep the
boyfriend out of the house so he could
pick them off
one by one we have absolutely no reason
to think that these women here are an
oasis of innocence in the middle of a
serial killing community and asking them
for help is the worst thing we could
possibly do
now with that said going indoors is
already a terrible idea because you're
just giving this guy a chance to catch
up and find you
running through a dense thicket is a
much better strategy to lose him and
escape
because he won't be able to run easily
with the chainsaw and he'll have to cut
himself through to follow you
i would continue running through the
thicket and onto a main road where he
wouldn't dare show his face
if we're being honest nobody would think
this girl could realistically stage a
rescue attempt and get everyone out
alive
and since the sheriff is distracted with
morgan here she needs to take this
opportunity
because this is her best chance at
escaping if i were any one of these
victims i would want to know that my
death
saved someone else's life so the most
honorable thing to do here is leave all
of your friends behind and don't stop
for anyone
she wakes up back in the house with the
sheriff the woman from the gas station
and the old man the wheelchair have
gathered
they're all a part of the same family
and have been working together from the
beginning
she begs to be let go but the old one
refuses and calls out for thomas brown
hewitt the mask wearing killer
to take her out of here he picks aaron
up and throws her down the stairs into
the basement
leaving her to discover andy hanging
from hooks above an old piano
she tries to lift him up to free him but
isn't strong enough and he falls back
down ripping the hook deeper into his
body begging her to end his life she
agrees and finds a knife
stabbing him straight through the gut
across the room she finds morgan sitting
in a bathtub and when she approaches
she finds out he's still alive the
little boy from the milk shows up and
tells her to follow
him and that's when the masked man
appears they run through an underground
hallway but the killer is right behind
them
the kid leads them to a storm cellar
where they climb up to escape seconds
away from being caught
okay this was a merciful act and must
have been difficult to do
but freeing this guy and trying to
escape is not a good idea because he
will only slow you down
that makes it much easier for the killer
to find and kill both of you
now the problem is mercy killing the sky
isn't any better
right now he's a useful distraction
because he's alive if we kill him
there's nothing left to keep the masked
man here in the house and distracted
and that means he'll use all of his time
chasing us if we want out of this alive
we need to use
every single thing at our disposal or
else we might as well give up and die
like the rest of them
the decisions you have to make in a
survival scenario are never pleasant and
it will take years to get over the
terrible things you had to do to survive
but at least you'll be alive and when
push comes to shove life is more
valuable than any moral compass
leaving the house they look for a place
to hide and find another building but
after walking in aaron here quickly
realizes that all the windows are barred
there's only one way out
and the killer is on his way she shoves
her friend into a closet and closes the
door
finding another hiding spot for herself
but it's a hopeless cause
the wall behind her suddenly breaks
apart and she's grabbed by the killer
throwing her to the ground he's about to
cut her in half but morgan slams into
him
he wrestles with the man but is no match
for his strength as he lifts him up onto
a chandelier
and slices his body up from between his
legs it's brutal and aaron can do
nothing but run for her life
she runs through the woods and makes it
to the slaughterhouse where she enters
inside for one final showdown
arming herself with a meat cleaver she
hides in a locker and waits for the
perfect moment to attack
the masked man searches for her and sees
one of them is rattling
he throws open the door and gets
attacked by aaron she chops his arm off
and runs away leaving him to bleed out
in the corridor
she runs back outside and into the road
where she sees a truck coming and flags
it down
the driver stops to check on her and
lets her hitch a ride she's finally
found outside help
in the truck he asks her what happened
and she's too traumatized but when she
sees her headed back into town
she freaks out and lunges at the
steering wheel to turn around the man
is not pleased with her behavior and
pulls over the same gas station
they did she gets out of the car and
sneaks around the back
peering through the window you see the
family members with the stolen baby
outside the trucker gets their attention
asking them to help his hitchhiker but
when the woman walks back in
she finds a child is missing aaron has
kidnapped the baby and is
already hot wiring a car for a getaway
the sheriff investigates the semi truck
but when he opens up the door to see
there's no one inside
aaron runs him over with his own police
car she leaves the town with the rescued
baby riding shotgun
and passes by the one-armed killer who
swings his chainsaw into the car but it
doesn't slice through
escaping with her life she's now going
to have to find a new boyfriend to
propose to her
but what do you think how would you beat
the texas chance on massacre
let me know with a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe
and check out the how to be playlist for
more videos like this
until next time have a damn good day